All right.
Hi, everybody.
Welcome to the lightning talk section.
My name is Jessie.
I'm going to be giving a quick lightning talk on halluc
inating the app protocol, grounding your AI agents with the official app
proto docs.
If you met me last year, I was at the conference talking
about OAuth.
Today I am here because I chose to build and serve for
free a remote MCP server for the app protocol documentation that
is available online.
I'm hoping it is a helpful tool for developers.
And you may be wondering why would somebody decide to build a
remote MCP server for the documentation?
I'm hopefully going to explain.
So first, if you are not familiar with what RAG is,
I'm not going to get too deep into this because it
's a lightning talk, but RAG stands for Retrieval
Augmented Generation.
And you can think of retrieval augmented generation as adding index
ing to your source content.
So the same way that adding a SQL index to like a
large SQL table will make querying that data more efficient, RA
G makes LLM queries more efficient.
By preprocessing the source content into an index of
vector embeddings, you get more efficient retrieval of content that
is specifically related to your query.
So the way this works is it allows you to combine multiple
reference sources into a single index.
You can have that content supersede whatever the model was trained
on.
So you can have more up to date, more relevant content.
And then you can also make sure that your retrievals are
getting grounded in that content.
So you're reducing hallucinations.
Quickly, what is an MCP server?
So if you're not familiar with MCP, it came out
in late 2024.
Basically, MCP servers expose tools, prompts, and resources to your agents.
So if you are in Cloud Code or ChatGPT
or whatever your like tool of choice is, you can often install
an MCP server that will expose these additional tools, prompts, and
resources to your queries.
So let's compare what happens when you do a URL search
to when you're using something like a a rag instance.
So if you say, I'm building an app proto app, and
I want you to search the app proto documentations for le
xicons, and then you're incorporating that into your query.
Basically, the key point here, you can see this like whole little
chart of what's happening.
Your prompt, your agent has to go get the docs, it has
to tokenize that information, it has to process it.
And basically, the takeaway here is that everything that's going into
your chat context is getting tokenized and embedded.
That that could be pre processed.
And that's what the rag approach allows us to do.
So instead of your agent tokenizing and embedding all of
those documentation sources, all of that tokenization and embedding vector
embedding creation has already happened.
And it's just being served by the MCP server.
MCP servers come in two flavors, they come in local servers
that we run on our local machines and remote servers that are
hosted somewhere in the cloud.
By essentially pre processing a rag index and then caching it
and serving it in the cloud as a remote server, you're
effectively caching that tokenization process for anyone in the world
who wants to consume it.
So this is why I built a app proto docs MCP
server.
Last year, when I was first getting into MCP and trying
to explore it and study it, I thought Cloudflare's
documentation server was really interesting to me.
They had some templates I wanted to clone and see if I
could play with it.
This was also in the spirit of we can just build things.
So you can find these online on GitHub at Ember MC
P app proto docs and the worker.
How does this actually work?
There are three pieces to my MCP server that serves the
documentation.
There's a cron scraper that actually goes and scrap
es the documentation sites once a week so that it's kept
up to date as new documentation is added.
There's the rag index where a different model preprocess
es those documentation source sites into a rag index.
And then there's the actual MCP server itself which exp
oses that rag index for your agents to query it.
So the cron scraper it lives at app proto docs
worker.
Right now there are only three sources here that are being scra
ped.
I'm actually making a list at this conference of sources that
people want added to this so if you have sources that you
would like added or feel like should be included please let me
know.
You can also open PRs on this public repo.
Then we have the rag index and I am using a tool
that Cloudflare has made very affordable right now.
I don't expect it to stay this affordable forever but right
now it's lovely.
And so I am using the open source Quen3 model
to do the vector embedding that creates the index and that
's this Cloudflare has some really easy tools that make
it very simple to do this.
So that is kind of using some of their stuff.
And then the MCP server itself, mine only exposes a
single tool and that tool is called search documentation.
You can make MCP servers as complicated and as interesting as
you want but mine was just as kind of a prototype so
it just does search documentation.
To install this in your agent what you want to do is
depends on your agent but for example in Cloud you add a
JSON config which points at the MCP server mine lives at
this URL.
And I was not the first nor will I be the last
person to create an MCP server for at Proto.
So I wanted to highlight some of the other very awesome MC
P servers that exist in the community.
I've added two more since I've been here.
If you have one that should be on this list, this is
published as a public gist that I'm going to share
on Blue Sky after the talk.
So feel free to tell me about your MCP server and
I'll make sure it gets included.
We have mine which is does search documentation.
We have Lexicon Gardens MCP server which actually serves le
xicons to and has a describe lexicon as well
as some authenticated methods where you can actually create and invoke
XRPC endpoints.
We have the AshEx has an @proto.
mcp which is a local documentation MCP server.
So this is one that you install locally, you run it in
Python, you perform the RAG indexing locally and you have
your own local version of that.
That one actually works off of the GitHub repos as opposed
to the like HTML content of the doc sites.
We also have some different ones.
There's Cameron has a very extensive one that actually has a
disclaimer to not use this as a REST API because it
has so many tools and features.
We have the one that has the one that
has the one that has the one that has the most for
ks which is Brian's which is actually more of like a
blue sky client.
A lot of the ones that act
as blue sky clients use app
password authentication.
So yeah, there are a bunch of really cool mcp
servers out there and you can use them to attach to your
agents and reduce hallucinations.
And ground your development in the official
app proto documentation and official lexicons.
That's it.